[WEBSITE-679] - Document INFRA team meetings and add metadata for sub-project pages (#2658)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/projects/infrastructure/index.adoc

image:/images/projects/infrastructure/infra_overview.png[Overview, role=center, float=left]

== Team

Jenkins infrastructure is maintained by the Jenkins Infrastructure team.
This team consists of Jenkins contributors and volunteers who provide a best-effort support depending on their availability and other commitments.
We are always looking for contributors who are interested to improve Jenkins services and to help with maintaining them.

=== Team structure

NOTE: This section is under development

=== Meetings

Jenkins Infra team has a weekly meeting on Tuesdays, 3PM UTC.

> This event is a regularl meeting to sync on the various ongoing infrastructure initiatives within the Jenkins project that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This event is a regularly scheduled meeting to sync on the various ongoing infrastructure initiatives within the Jenkins project.
```
